docs: update server, vars, mock docs (#3905)
web-infra-dev/modern.js: packages/document/main-doc/docs/en/guides/advanced-features/web-server.mdx

---
# Custom Web Server

> As a client-centric development framework, Modern.js has weak server-side customization capabilities. In some development scenarios, special server-level logic needs to be customized, such as user authentication, request preprocessing, and adding page rendering skeletons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a client-centric development framework, Modern.js has limited customization capabilities on the server side. However, in some development scenarios, special server-level logic needs to be customized, such as user authentication, request preprocessing, and adding page rendering skeletons.
```

For example, hosting pages separately from BFF, deploying page services to non-Node environments, customizing for deployment platforms, etc.

For the above reasons, Modern.js provides three ways that projects can customize server-level capabilities progressively according to their needs.

:::warning
The three extension methods cannot work at the same time, and developers need to choose the appropriate method according to the scenario.
:::

## Extending Web Server with API

The first way is to customize the server-side at a specific lifecycle through the server-side runtime API provided by Modern.js. The purpose of providing this way is that in some cases, developers do not need to control the full Web Server, but only need to add server-level logic.

Because the full web server cannot be controlled this way, and the extension logic **only takes effect when the page is requested**. Therefore, it is relatively simple to apply server-level logic, and you do not want to create additional BFFs or BFFs and pages without common server-level logic scenarios.

> You can execute the'pnpm run new 'command in the project root directory to enable the "Custom Web Serve" function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the'pnpm run new 'command in the project root directory to enable the "Custom Web Serve" function:
```

Projects should have the following best practices when using Middleware:

1. In Middleware, you can directly operate origin request and response objects, do event tracking, and inject Node services (databases, Redis, etc.) that may be used for SSR rendering.

> 2. Functions such as marking and crawler optimization can be done in Middleware.

Reviewer 2: "operations" be more appropriate than "Functions" ?
